Meeting Title: Patrick & Spencer
Date: Mar 27
Meeting participants: Patrick Barrett

Transcript:
 
Me: Okay, let's think about where we can do it. Is there an agency that I know? That would let me have their space. Great feedback. Thank you. I will take all of it on board. Let's go to replet. Let's go to email. Email. Let's go to replet. Ion. I think it's what I'm learning. What I'm learning is that. Branding and design is the one thing that AI is not nailing at the moment. The more designers and creatives can focus on strategy and design supporting. All these people creating websites on replets because you can upload figma directly to it. I would say. Is a really big selling point. Perhaps coming up with the idea of not MVP. But MVB. 4. Minimum viable brands for your minimal viable product on lovable or replet. Could be a good idea for you. Sorry voice type that. Hope it made sense. Where what's time is my meeting 903 are you in the meeting? Am I just not let you in? Cancel come out of there. Go into the meeting. Admit one guest. Admit. Sorry. I've been here the whole time. I just didn't realize I thought it was your. Because it says Simpatico PR. I thought it was your AI. Sorry.  
Them: It's not. It's just me. Just me.  
Me: About yesterday as well. Thank you for moving.  
Them: That's right.  
Me: I just it was a crazy day crazy day. Never done so many meetings in one day. So talk to me. I've read everything you've said. Where's your head at?  
Them: So I think. I think you're right about this needs to be. If we're going to do it, this needs to be. Produced within Simpatico. And we test it on clients. Right. And then we start to try to sell it. I totally agree with that. I think that's. That is the way forward.  
Me: Yeah, I've seen too many people raise money, build products. And then they lose all the money because they just that no one buys the product. And that's the 95% of software businesses fail. And anyone right now, I can build you. I'm pretty sure I can build you the whole thing that you want. The only concern is the cost.  
Them: Yeah.  
Me: Because and it might be that you'd need to probably factor in another $50 a month per person using it just for the usage charges.  
Them: So.  
Me: That's the only thing. Yeah.  
Them: So just in terms of where my head's at, right? So I totally agree with that. But I also feel. Like. It is worth going after some grant money.  
Me: Of course. Yeah, yeah, yeah.  
Them: So if we can get this produced this, then it is worth then actually investing in someone to go and actually apply for some EU and UK tech grants. And.  
Me: So a lot of most of the other one that's up the current one that you see everyone's going for, there's a couple, but there's one where you have to pay about £5,000 to do it. A lot of those people didn't get the funding. So just be careful on that one. But innovate UK. So you know pipe drive.  
Them: Actually. Yeah, yeah.  
Me: Yeah pipe time sorry. My version of the BioPrime document. So one of my clients rise an amplifier. I showed them replit. They've built it now as a product. They're going to innovate UK to try and raise some money themselves. They know someone there. So I might be able to network you to them to get to that person as well.  
Them: Well, that. That would be helpful because, I mean, I've come across a company called bidx who charge.  
Me: Yeah.  
Them: Between seven and a half and 12. If you pay 12, you get unlimited number of applications.  
Me: A percentage. Okay. No win no fee or do they want an upfront cost as well.  
Them: And they. They've got. Yeah, they'll want an upfront cost, but I think there might be a way of funding that. And then they want a 2.5 percentage of the grant. But the amount of money that you could potentially get is quite significant. So it would, I think, you know, I think.  
Me: Okay.  
Them: I don't know anything about developing. I mean, you. You reckon you can get it to a certain point, but it may be that we would need money to kind of, like, pay it. Pay for it to be enhanced or moved, moved on. And that's why I think there's a real doing that.  
Me: Possibly. I mean obviously you know my plan at the moment is to probably get to a place where I actually end up recruiting someone then to take over the maintenance of all the stuff that we're building. Because at the moment people are now paying me to go in and build agents in their agency. So and to be fair my tech skills have got I mean I've been doing this now for almost a year again since building 3,000 websites obviously many years ago but actually just finished the Bluh site which is very complex. I've got agents. It was built by an agent mostly the agents take news stories from the internet, post them live on the website through the day. The AI every night does updates for GEO and SEO automatically without me doing anything. And it's also got us it's now on the site it's available for agents to go to my site to get the data they want directly rather than humans come into the website. So because most traffic these days is agents anyway so so a lot of those I mean I probably built a 60,000 pound website and it took me like two days to do it so there's nothing I can't build now because I know how to use all the APIs my only concern is cost and it's not necessarily the cost of my time because I can build things pretty quickly simultaneously. I can do three or four sites at a time. The problem is that the usage chart I'm spending $200 a month at the moment on claud and I'm probably spending another two to three hundred on replet. So if you had a client going in using this system it could be that they start using and it's trying to make sure that those costs are controlled that you're not suddenly it doesn't sound four and a half grand a month retainer for a PR or three grand a month you could be you might have to set aside a couple hundred quid for credits as a contingency per client.  
Them: Yeah. First. Yeah. So what I was thinking is, is the first phase is that we do a managed service approach.  
Me: Yeah. Yeah.  
Them: Right. So we. We use the technology. We. Instead of just giving it to them, we. And charging a sub, we. We do it for them. And then we work. We. We test it and make sure it's working. And we. We own it. Right. And then the second phase is we then get to a point where we can charge from within Simpatico for. For the product.  
Me: I. Agree with that.  
Them: So I don't know whether that will affect that cost, running cost issue.  
Me: I think for me to obviously you know you're given the scope to do it I mean for me to probably build the site I probably need about five days to do it okay so it's probably about two and a half grand for me to build it plus I probably need about 500 600 quid in credits it's going to be about three grand to do it yeah and what all I would the only thing that I wouldn't do necessarily is the branding for it so I can build it and I can make it look as nice as I can like I've done the whole of our site but I don't do if we need a logo for it I need to get someone to design it because AI can't do logos at all.  
Them: Yeah.  
Me: On the football site we went to people per hour we paid someone 90 quid.  
Them: That's fine.  
Me: Sorry.  
Them: So, right, the other. The other issue is, is that is. Is that I'm doing this new website for us. Right. So the new Simpata. So it's going to have a page.  
Me: Yes.  
Them: On the website, and I'm debating whether to actually use the sort of brand name AIO Fusion or not. If we then. So it's almost like the site, the platform would almost be hidden. I think it would be present. You know, what we. What it does would be presented on the new Simpasco site. But actually, the actual mechanics of the site would be for us to use initially. Now, I can get, like, that guy that you, who got me, who did the report that you pointed me towards to do a branding job on it. But I. That's easy enough. I can do that. So I can sort that out.  
Me: Okay.  
Them: So. So initially, the actual platform would not be. Visible, I suppose. It would be for us to use for clients. So the branding bit, we could. We can. I can sort that out.  
Me: Keep it internal initially.  
Them: Yeah. But I can get the Branding thing done as well. I can do that.  
Me: Yeah it's just the only caveat for me because I'm not a designer but I technically I'm very strong so listen this is the other thing I want to talk to you about.  
Them: So.  
Me: So I've got. I've got a massive a proper big idea okay I don't know if you did you see the pr around the social media site that was created for agents when open claw launched.  
Them: No, I didn't.  
Me: Right so basically when open claw launched they set up someone set up a social media site like think of think of it as Facebook. For AI and people were sending their open claw agents in.  
Them: Yeah.  
Me: To saying look go along and just join in and they all started talking and talking to each other and sharing information okay and then the humans could log in too so you know there's always agency networking events out there. I'm going to get to the PR bit in a minute so basically there's always agency events out there but I'm already seeing like myself now I've got 20 agents since I last spoke to you got 20 ages now working for me one do my Google analytics one writing stories one maintaining the website they're literally I'm building them you know every day an assistant for Mark and Abby built yesterday morning. So most agents are going to be following that path they're going to have agents in their business and they could send their agents out to this social network okay where they could then shared and learn about information around agencies and AI so I was thinking right if I'm going to do that I've got I've got to find a dozen agencies that have already got agents written which I've got now I did a post yesterday on it. Okay then the next question is I want to do PR for this because it is quite a PR able story the world's first social network or networking for agencies AI yeah in their business so I'm like I'm on Twitch I think I told you last time I saw you. And so I have can create a PR agent now now I've done all the other agents I know how it all works I can set up a PR agent and that PR agent I went on to I said to it can you go and find me all of the people who write stories in all of the major publications it came back with 30 40 names from adage to the drum I got all their email addresses. Right so as long as I sign the press release off to the PR agent so what I'm happy with the press release yeah I want you now to go and pitch it on email to all those people and if you can yeah and so for me if if you were to have that PR agent in your business for your clients and you said look not only am I pitching it in but I've also got an agent that has over 1,000 journalists worldwide that it will email in the stories or it will go on to the platforms that you go on to because I walked downstairs the other day and my AI agent is surfing the internet finding me weather reports for the local area to send to me every morning I'm like so he can they can browse themselves so I if I can show you that I think that'll open your eyes and I build that for you yeah.  
Them: Yeah. I'm well up for that. I mean, after our last conversation, and in fact, I put, I put right at the end of the. The wire frame and, you know, a media relations agent because I absolutely agree that that is. I I didn't. I mean, if you can do it now, amazing. I I thought it might be the next step.  
Me: Well I I can I can do that the thing what so the first client that signed off with me because I because open claw obviously people were concerned initially about security on it but I've now learned how to to tail that security down like on my website now you can chat to chat to tabitha on the website and I've got all the guardrails up you can't if you ask it anything about pee or mark it doesn't know who they are it's got all my competitors in there so you can't you can't get it to trick it to say that they're good companies like I've got I've done I've thought of everything so so that so one of my clients wants it but of course I can't host it on my computer at home like I've got it I've got my one because that's all you could do when it launched but there's a there's basically a company now that offers hosted open claw so what I only only cost like about I want to say like it's $50 a month it'll probably go up with storage but but let's say you get an open claw I get help you set up an open claw account and then basically we can create one agent as a test which is your we'll call them your boss PR person and then what we'll do is every time you have a new client you can say look part of my service now is I'll actually create you a sub we call it sub agents some agent so a sub agent who'll be allocated to your words not only am I working on it but I've also got a way to augment so I can offer you high quality press releases and I can offer you high quality quantity outreach whereas before it was about quality outreach now I'm going to offer you quality and quantity yeah and that's the value add yeah does that make sense?  
Them: But. Yeah. It does. I mean, we would need to work out. With next design the agent, right? And how it worked. I mean, you've just talked about all these security guardrails for. For clients you'd need. And for us, you'd need to create the same sort of thing. You need to have those rules really, you know, it's about communications. You don't. You need to be saying the right thing, Etc. So you.  
Me: Yeah. They don't need to reply so this is an email she sent through this morning to me yeah or last night sorry can you oh you can't see it look at the screen now yeah this is tabitha evening team chooser tends to be the day the market tends to breathe out after a busy week was a good example the big agency headlines are quiet right now but there's a telling founder exit worth watching closely at AI platform news coming out number one Ian milner exits exits worldwide after 26 years it posted that straight onto my website by the way because it qualifies it as a medium or a high quality story so it's look at if you look at the quality of the email we can make sure that when it emails it's emailing just like you would if we can set tab through up so so only when you replied as you reply to you if a cluster if anybody else replied to her she would come to you and just say one of the journalists has come back and then you can pick it up or you can say what would you what would you draft the reply back in and you train it eventually so it learns every time.  
Them: Got.  
Me: Yeah.  
Them: Yeah. No, I mean, I think. I think that is the way forward. I really do. The only thing I was designing that what the agent's Behavior, basically, and its rules, you know, it's rules of Engagement and it's security.  
Me: If I show you just quickly here just because I've got it one second drive I've just given ab mark the templates to create let me just quickly type in here PA for Abby so this is yesterday yeah so she's got a new agent it's called ollies ollie speed because he used to be fast you are ollie speed personal EA to Abby founding partner at Bluhalo you manage her schedule priorities and day-to-day operation needs so it says all about who who abby is who she works with how you work you source how you surface abbey's top three priorities for the day now I've asked her to go away and build this out so basically so we train her up with everything that Abby needs yeah so at the moment keeping it simple is just calendar meeting any outstanding items she coordinates with tabitha of having anything with a wider team so I can say to tab they tab can you get Ollie to tell Abby I need a meeting booked in the diary or something like that so we set these up and then these will get quite complicated and look behavior rules keep concise Abby is busy yeah default to action orientated summary is not long narrative like we we specify how she talks never mentioned reference or compare Bluh to any firm listed policy so she the agent knows that there's a competitor policy as well so we build these profiles out and this is where the rule sets are created.  
Them: Yeah.  
Me: Yeah.  
Them: Yeah. No, that makes sense. And we could then. We could then create one for each client as we went along with. But. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay. Get that.  
Me: Exactly yeah. I mean I would what I would love to do and I'm happy to do this with you okay is because I can give you the I can help you as a customer give the get the case study so if let's say for example I build the PR agent yeah and let me let me let me build in all of the because in here I would basically start to build where to build a separate file sorry with a list of all the PR connect cut contacts now obviously there's a couple of things here we've got to think about you know obviously. AI agents can actually call people up now so you know that you might say well I do the phone calls you just do the emails yeah or you can go and do the DMS if there's a linkedin or Twitter DM or we can say this is like I think I showed you that she can book the restaurants now for me didn't I last time so she goes over so she the same way she books a restaurant she can go to a website and you know email a cop do a contact form if she needs or user or use press loft or something so so if I did it so I don't know how because other thing is I don't know I haven't got the social network site built yet but if we came up with another idea for a press release and just tested it yeah just did a soft test you could do it from Blu Halo doesn't so it doesn't affect you but just so you can see it working.  
Them: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That would be brilliant, actually, to have a case study.  
Me: Yeah we've got a case study then you can still Blu Halo so we you know we did it we did it with them because we were experimenting so I'm really happy I don't mind taking into risks on it if it goes wrong I don't mind at the moment I'm a three-man business with 18 agents 90 no 20 agents as of yesterday as of yesterday I've actually set a dedicated agent up just to look at Google analytics for example it comes in every Monday and updates me and says here's what's where your web traffic's working here's where it's not here's what to recommend tells Ada what to fix she goes and fixes it.  
Them: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah.  
Me: It's Bonkers you know.  
Them: You know, that's amazing. I mean, there's. There's a. I get the briefing stuff in terms of the media contacts. We obviously have loads of them, and that's how we do our business anyway. Right. So we would be feeding the. The agent contacts going, here, here's. Here's what we've got. We want you to go after these. Plus recommend others. That's the sort of dialogue we.  
Me: Patrick asked me to contact reach out to you on the ones that you know we could change the wording accordingly things like that.  
Them: Yeah. And could we get it to monitor for tactical opportunities? So, for example, we subscribe to response source. So we have all these Ops coming through the door. 90 of them are useless, but 10 probably are worthwhile. And so it could look at that and. And activate on those as well.  
Me: Well look I mean look let me just just to give you an idea of so I everything I've just shown you go to it here. I just looked up AI Fusion because I just don't know how copy written the I just worry because I think AI Fusion could be a sub trademark a cold Fusion I don't know like I think that that name.  
Them: I've registered the. I've registered the domain names for aio Fusion.  
Me: Oh you have. Okay perfect okay so that's good let me just show you this I don't know whether you play the scene this yet but if you imagine this now I can just so I can say so how many deals have Bluh done this year?  
Them: So I've got those. Yeah.  
Me: I'm only I'm testing this because I I damn it you got me okay because I literally just updated that and I thought it had gone through but I obviously haven't hit publish yet so so but it can I can have conversations I can say so you know how can you help me grow. It's actually got like about a 200 questions also built but this is this is linking into claud but it's got it's it's got tabitha's rule set powering it not clawed so it's it's constantly here it's it will qualify by the way as well with some things like my too small to work with you. But we can train it to basically now look now it's trying to basically catch catching my data so hang on a minute so sizes right so this is the bit I just fixed this morning so we're going to hit publish on it because I didn't do that when I did this call so yeah just quickly publish as you can see on here but I mean it's hit republished there we go so I just I just literally fixed that box and the and the selling bit this morning hit republish right so the but but you should be able to have a full conversation so if it if it did email back and the person it could ask questions and it could qualify further from those from those emails inquiries that come in that demo tech ever that's good.  
Them: So basically, if a journalist wanted to know more about a client, it could go and ask questions. Based on approved content and the set of rules.  
Me: Yeah exactly that.  
Them: Okay.  
Me: And you can tell it's a not go off scripts like as I said in here oh it's just this is annoying me now home if I went in here and I did like you know tell. Me what happens tell me about agency hackers about agency. Hackers. See like it knows it's one of those I'm not actually this is actually quite interesting it says it's not I'm not able to comment on. Normally it just goes normally it just says there's another line for that so that's an interesting one I've not seen that before normally it just goes I'm not really here to talk about other people sort of thing so it's kind of saying that I guess but but you can put the guard rails up is what I'm saying yeah.  
Them: Yeah. Okay.  
Me: I mean who is better. I haven't done this one before the way I. Look that Bluh doesn't comment on other firms in the market there you go that's kind of what it says normally.  
Them: Yeah. Okay. That sounds good. That's the sort of thing we'd need to get. Get. Get straight. Just. Just on the wireframe that I sent through.  
Me: Yeah. Here we go show you what I put together quickly here.  
Them: Okay? Because. Because we haven't really talked through the sort of, you know, the first bit where you do the order, where you do the.  
Me: Yeah. This is just a wireframes this isn't a finished version or anything like that.  
Them: Yeah. But the second that there's two second bits at the. At the back where we haven't really discussed it, which is the planning section. And then the earned content management optimization, which actually plugs into the agent. So I don't know. Do you want me to talk you through that?  
Me: Yeah I mean this is if you can see the screen now this is basically what I started to put together I've got I mean I got a few different versions now so it's all fine.  
Them: Or. Yeah.  
Me: But. Just quickly this is just based the wireframe for it so if I just get a full screen which is here. Can you oh no hang on a minute let's just get the right screen up and close down if you win too many windows open at the moment it's just hit republish on that one. And then. Here that's. This isn't this is the old one I'm showing you sorry I need to find a new one it just stop share. Let's go back to replet and then. Close that one down. Here so this is oh actually no maybe I know it's not AI Fusion is not right it's called. Home. Design prototype this is the one I'm sure this is the one. Got the one I've got the two from before that I did not knocked up for you as well we can always look at those over time and see if they anything still you like from those so share this screen YouTube that one share here and then make that full screen. That's this tab here. And then. I need to. Some reason I'm missing a preview oh here we go now missing publish one second publishing. Name as publishings that one then I should have a link here we go. So I've got a link you can I can give you this link to look at by the way.  
Them: Right. And was this the wireframe of it?  
Me: Yeah this is the wireframe so at the moment it's got welcome back to Simpatico this is a dashboard on the front page but if I go to the main page you've got entry URL to be analyzed is that what you had.  
Them: Or.  
Me: Content optimizer Authority planner.  
Them: Yeah.  
Me: So this was a page then would obviously analyze your content. And then tell you what the gap analysis was. And then the dashboard summarizes how many bits of everything it's done. And then tells you where you're weak on geo diagnostic for example where you're weak on AIO let's go back.  
Them: I think so. I mean, I'm just trying to compare it with what I can see. Yeah, I think so. Is that. So that's the front. Is that the front? Yeah. So, yeah, the front page had. Authority and visibility diagnostic optimization tools. So then you would go. So these are just. Tabs that you would then go into further pages. Combine content. Audit and optimization, and then the technical.  
Me: Yeah I've got authority planner content optimizer and then GEO diagnostic and then version two content archive release gateway and then measure and report.  
Them: Yeah. Right. Okay. It's sort of quite difficult for me to see compare the two things at the moment.  
Me: Okay so.  
Them: I mean. I mean, just. Just. Just on the. On the back end. Right. So I think after you get past all the. All the stuff about optimization and content and technical.  
Me: Yeah.  
Them: The. The sort of key bits that. And I just need to kind of, like, share what. Why these are. Why? So the idea is, right, the planning side. Okay. And this is where I took this from what you'd done. Actually, and it just is a really nice way of creating an element where our people are marketing people can enter. All the little things that they're doing over a quarter or half year or whatever it is the whole year. And then they can score that for what's. So what's that going to give me in terms of AI Authority? So it's a schedule. It's a. It's an app. It's a marketing and PR schedule planner, and then it scores it for AI Authority and then makes recommendations, which your site was doing, which I thought was really nice. And then you can plot Authority by different categories of activity, whether that's by press releases, by white papers, by Awards entries or articles. You can plot it by message and purpose so that we tag. In the next bit, we would tag each piece of content with what it's supposed to be saying about a company and who's the spokesperson and what's the purpose of it. So we'd have little options where you would just. You would. You would choose what that. What that's designed to be. And then. Then the next bit. So that's the planning section. The next bit is a content management section where you upload your press release. You say the way we're working is we're getting a brief for a press release. We write it. We. We do AI optimize it. We finesse it, then it's done. It's. And it's. It's then uploaded on and or shared with. The client, but we would upload that onto the R system. And then it would be ready for optimization. For AI. So you could then put it through that. Then you could re-edit it again. Then you could go, hey, client. It's done. It's ready for signing. And then you would also go through the process of tagging it with the message. Spokesperson and all the rest of it. And, you know, there's an option. Could. Could we optimize it for specific llms or not? And then it goes. And then the client goes, yeah, that's brilliant. Well done. Then it goes to the agent.  
Me: Yeah.  
Them: Okay. It's all signed off. We've got this piece of content for you, agent. Off you go. That's when it goes to the agent. Does that make sense? So two bits of scheduling. And then there's the content management site at the moment. Doing exactly this. Only we're putting it into Google drives and or sharing it via email. So the idea is we create a platform where all of this content is housed, optimized, proved, and then off to the agent, it goes.  
Me: So yesterday okay so I got all of that so yeah and I've got it all also verbatim you speaking it so I can literally take what you said and drop it interreplit and it will build everything you said yeah that's how easy it is to do these things but the yesterday I was with a man from fiducial and he he's basically helping another lady with a business at the moment who's got a GEO business and I said oh give me a little look show me what she's doing. And what she's got is you type in a subject so you type in I don't know. Press release for a live marketing campaign that we've done for heineken yeah and then it brings up every other press release at heineken have ever done or anyone has done around live events and heineken and then you can from there you can then select what content what information you'd like to help build your story. So she's got something that's almost like a content assist does that make sense?  
Them: Yeah, it does. Yeah. And it's. It's. It's.  
Me: And then it's all geo optimizing structured technique because that's the thing to help you destroy.  
Them: Yeah. I mean, that is an element. That's an element. That's almost like the content creation element of this. Right. But we are doing that in a manual way, in that we.  
Me: Yeah tools to try and help you do that part quicker.  
Them: I think. I think what I'd like with this is that you could plug in things like that.  
Me: Yes okay.  
Them: So. And with this, you've got the option to use the agent or not. So once you. Once you've gone through the.  
Me: Yeah.  
Them: Content management side, you go, right, I can use agent or this or client doesn't want to use the agent. So you do it manually. And we do. Do it the old-fashioned way. And pitch. Pitch. It out.  
Me: So when so the big thing that you so what I would suggest we do is you and I we book a day okay together you need one day out the diary because you'll stop the world to do this you and I will build the interface together not the functionality just the interface okay so how does it look which box is where which you and I would do that in a day and how this would happen is I'd need to so what just quickly to try and do some simple technical terms yeah you've got open claw and on there you're going to have an agent okay and you'll probably have a set a team of agents eventually an open claw and then you're going to have replic which is going to be the tool that's going to build the site in the middle of that we've got something called github and what will happen is eventually is that your agent will also help maintain the website for you okay so you don't need me in the loop forever yeah the agent you have an engineering agent who you'll just say hey listen can you just change this on the website and it will change it for you okay and then that's that's like step three but we to put put these things in place have the agent ready we need to have something like open claw hosted setup as well.  
Them: And then.  
Me: I need to kind of just detail those three things for you and then I'll just detail it I detail the time I put a little proposal together for you with those on I'll just get the cost so you know what they are because I'm not interested in I'm not interested in making money on a pass through cost but I just need to basically get cover my cost because abby keeps kicking my ass because I keep spending money on credit is that for clients showing and things.  
Them: Yeah. Okay. Yeah. I mean.  
Me: So we build on the first thing we do I get a quote over to you if you're happy with that you can say look I'm going to raise the money first or let's just do this I'm happily to spread the money out if it helps and stuff and then because it's a good case study for you and me by the way this is you know it works both ways and then and then lastly because lastly then the thing you've got to also remember is when you're building software things break so I built this football site for david lawrence who's a giant football journalist so him and another guy they basically got a football business.news and every day they post seven stories around football business and they're trying to build up a whole community around the sportiness of football.  
Them: Yeah.  
Me: But the thing is the site we've been doing it for about eight weeks now and we've almost bug free now yeah but it's whenever you launch a piece of software a bit like your apple you get software updates so it's quick to fix and easy but you just need to understand things in the there's a lot of testing in the early bits and there's a lot of things breaking yeah and actually the key thing is is that what and what happens is is that David will send it through to me and then on WhatsApp and then I'll literally I'll grab an hour at the end of each day and then I'll just work through those bugs and fix them. So yesterday literally the Brazilian guy who works with him messaged me this much on WhatsApp I copied it in rep it fixed it all I published it whereby David said can you test it? So he's got to test it and then basically he says yep it works fine and it was done right so eventually the bugs just go but you almost need to get it to a bug you get it working make sure it's all bug free it's all tested working the way you want it to work nothing has never never not been fixed pretty much everything we've you know replet has found a way to build anything it's actually scary it doesn't say no like a normal developer does it doesn't say you can't do that he goes we can we just got to do it this way okay let's do it that way then so so the key thing will be I'll get a quote over then we book a day out or half a day probably be enough we just literally start you I want you to get the wireframes exactly where we can work on design after but just let's make sure we've got all the right boxes in the right language as you see in your head on the page yeah I'll go away and then build it and then on the simultaneously we can start setting up this this agent for you for the site you know to start with we can start to map those out as well because knowing what I know now you're going to have what we call an orchestrator which is a boss agent who's the main person then underneath them so you'll have like your boss agent give them a name and then under that you might have someone who an agent that basically does cold outreach an agent that helps your clients is a promoter you know we'll come up with different names and different descriptions for them so you're putting a little org structure and this by the way is the future if you listen to anyone I mean listen to the choir I listen to sequoia this morning talking about the future of agencies and it's like you know it's it's a small team of people and a large team of agents you know that you know and this is I can do that for you.  
Them: That's right. Aware of that. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, absolutely. I think we've already got the model for that. You know, I've got so many. Yeah, we will need some other people. But at the moment.  
Me: Yeah you're already there. Yeah.  
Them: I've been briefing natalie on all of this, and she's like the client relationships person. So she's going, well, this. We need. You'll need this. You'll need that. But she's. She. She's kind of like the. She's. She's sort of a sounding board in all of this, which is really, really handy because she's at the cold face. But. Okay. I mean, I will. Yeah, I think that's good.  
Me: We won't use the autonomy on the clients. We use the autonomy on the stuff that you do as a business the risk is on you then but anything that's client related will have guardrails up and then slowly you'll release the guard so you'll make it just literally like an automation to start with and then you'll slowly release things off yeah but I mean just as an example just to sort of quickly go to again to show you the parable this stuff it's like if I go to where are we let's go to that one and then share.  
Them: Yeah.  
Me: If I go in here now and just say so tell me are my newspaper. Optimized for geo. You can see that can't you that box yeah. And so I can I can keep also with things checked because things are changing all the time yeah so and what we can actually ask it every day is you know. Based on thing how the market's changing what I what a geo update can we provide to the system? You know and literally implement them you know so on here it's checking news page I've got a clear picture it's got SEO components clinical URL open graph tags it's got structured robots reference right what's missing okay wrong article in here instead of Bluhalo.com it says Bluhalo IO no geometag so it's so literally now so this is what it's told me what's missing I go yes please. And it literally now goes and fixes it all. So so it's it's that good and like we'll be able to get it to literally I could say now with your articles now what needs to change in this article to make it geo optimized you know and it'll just do it for you.  
Them: Right. Okay, cool. Yeah, that's what I want. Absolutely. I mean, that's part of the process.  
Me: Yeah.  
Them: In terms of.  
Me: I mean I do think that the system do you think this system should also have the press releases on on it as like a hosted press release yeah agents could come in if they're looking for stories and finds yours yeah.  
Them: Content management duration. Yeah. Yeah. Well. Yeah. Well, I mean, I was thinking that that would go to the website. Right. So the. The business website and their socials.  
Me: Your story. Yeah.  
Them: It would also be. You'd also be able to plug in wire release as well. Which is quite important for authority. So I think we'll be encouraging people to use wires more.  
Me: Can you see that button there for agents. Yeah so your agents can work with us directly so if you if so if you're an agency and you're looking for a non exec you can send your agents out and say go and find me a non exec if it comes to our site hopefully it'll find it it will then give them all of the information it needs in these files here if I click into it it's got this is all structured so the AI can read it and bring it back to the whoever sent the agent in.  
Them: Yeah. Yeah. Okay, so. I'm just trying to get a head around that a bit.  
Me: Agent to agent transactions of the future you've got to remember that it's when you do shopping in the future you're not going to be going to Amazon you're going to be saying to your agent could you do me a favor could you go and rebuy me those vitamins that I want and the agent will just go and do it.  
Them: Because. What I'm trying to grasp here is like, I actually, I do think it would be good to have everything hosted on the. It has to be all the. All the client content has to be hosted on the platform. Right. But is it readable to you out to the outside world? Well, you could have a section where approved stuff is readable, but then you can have a whole backlog of load of stuff which isn't approved. So you're gonna have to have two sessions to that.  
Me: Yes. Yes. So you can have in the back office you just have approved I've got that by the way when it puts initially when it used to put articles on my website I had to manually approve them after a week they were also bloody good I just went just do it.  
Them: Then.  
Me: You know what I mean because there's no risk I mean if you look this morning just quickly now news. I'm just going to show you I'm going to show you because I'm also testing because I just gone live this morning but on the screen now so this story here Google starts rewriting publisher headlines without permission SEO and content agencies on notice.  
Them: So here's. Here's the thing, right? So if.  
Me: I'm not reading any of these stories by the way this is all AI.  
Them: You had these on the aio Fusion platform for the client.  
Me: Yeah.  
Them: Right, what's the relationship then between the client's website and aio Fusion, i.e. do you then get clients to put a button on their website? Pointing people towards the content.  
Me: Yes you you could do what we what I've just done there you could say for agents if you want it that anyone arriving on the site that wants your news stories they can either click and view or agents can basically click and download and you can just so that I mean they they they've either got they either store it on their own site or they link to your site where it is.  
Them: Yeah.  
Me: But you could have like you've got a back office system but the front end could just be you know Simpatico's press releases by client and it just you know you just have them all their public facing once they're approved. Just so it's another it's like it's like you've got your own press releases. You're almost like your own publisher so you know of your client.  
Them: I mean, I would be, they would be. I reckon a lot of them would go. Most of them go. We need it on our own site. But if you could then mirror that by having also having them available for agents on the aio Fusion site, then, then that would be, that would work. Okay. Just trying to.  
Me: Yeah exactly.  
Them: Work. In my head about that. Okay, so we need a half day to go through the wire frame in detail.  
Me: Yeah basically just I'll do the cost over I just got to go and get the open claw just and I'll just break down what we need to do yeah and then and then yeah and then I think it's just half a day once you we've mapped it out and you've got we've thought because I can help you think through what the back office admin and the back office is for each because that's the real art it's one thing having it on the front you got to then think about how does the back part work what questions what answers what data so I can do all that and then I'll you know go away probably give me two three days to build it then we'll have a day together where we fully test it and then I say a day together we probably you know I probably I'll do a day over two half days and you can do the same and then we can just reconvene and go right let's fix all these things together there is actually a button I can put on on the platform where you can type in anything yourself and it will then take that feedback and tell me and I can actually tell it to action it yeah so if you so I'd rather this button wasn't here you just type it on the screen and it comes back to me and I could just go write submit and it'll do it.  
Them: Yeah. Okay. Okay, cool.  
Me: The other thing I do is I can give you full access okay to this as well so then what happens is is that you can actually also go in over to because it'll be good the more so I've got another client who's like I don't know she's 65 she's done an EOT on her agency and I've shown her this okay and I she's the one I'm building the open claw for for her team and she's actually now done this with she did some stuff with me she's now gone away and built her own platform at home to manage all of her bills at home so she's built her own system cuz she's now learned it so if I can through this if I can just show you how easy it is for you to come in here like on here you just see me just sorry I'm not showing screen now but you've just seen me ask it how to improve it now the difficult thing is obviously I built website so I know what to ask and what not to ask and what to watch out for I've got to watch time on a podcast in 10 minutes and so but in here now look I've just asked it it's now just said what's in place it's all the whole website is fixed everything it's added this individual pages I get ready to republish I can ask it to do it can you do a full test.  
Them: Yeah.  
Me: Of the site now and it'll just go into a test before I publish it so I can share this with you and you can see what I'm doing and then and then you know then then actually eventually you look I think I can do I see how you were now because the problem is what you're not seeing is I have to push. Push this to and then pull the data back from GitHub which is basically a central repository which has. Which which my AI agent can interface with I don't really want the AI coming directly into here just yet I want it to work separately and so and then and then I sync the together but you can see on the screen now it's doing a test literally by itself it's browsing the website it's got a mouse on there and it'll now click through and test everything.  
Them: Let's do. I mean, give me access once we've gone through the plan.  
Me: Yeah of course yeah I think once it's built it's a lot easier give you access because then you're doing more amendments.  
Them: Okay. Brilliant. All right, I'm quite excited by this, actually. I think it's.  
Me: So. Yeah it's good.  
Them: Amazing. So. Yeah, I think it'll put us well ahead of anybody else. No one else is doing this.  
Me: Yeah and the more you talk about this stuff passionately with people the more you're going to sell it and I think this is what people need to hear at the moment need to hear that evangelizing of listen we're doing this it's you know it'll help you stay ahead of the competition because most people haven't woken up to this yet and I think you got it you've got to use that as a bit of fomo as a bit of a you know something you know and I think then the energy comes across that people want to buy that right.  
Them: Yeah. Yeah.  
Me: So.  
Them: Just very quickly on that event thing, I reckon it's going to be too soon to do May the 13th. So I, I think we need to push it, push it back. And, and I think if we can then, you know, push it back a month or so and then, and then launch, launch this, then that, that would be great. I think I found a venue. I'm going to keep looking, but I found one for about a thousand.  
Me: Yeah. It probably is let's just bear my. Yeah. Yeah let's get this right and then we can take it from there yeah.  
Them: So. Brilliant. I'll leave you to it. Thanks. Thanks.  
Me: All right thanks Patrick. I've got to go to podcast now so I've got to go and chill out quickly for 10 minutes bye bye. 