DESIGN AND UX – AIO FUSION PLATFORM

Authority Dashboard
Can we change the scrolling function on the left hand column so the ‘Project Hub’ button is static at the top of the page so you can access it without scrolling back up the toolbar.

Increase font size of ‘Project Set-up’, ‘Earned Media Visibility Audit’ etc in all the boxes.

For ‘Earned Media Visibility Audit’ and ‘Website Visibility Audit’, centralise the number and then add the info next to it underneath, again central.

Earned Media Visibility Audit
Increase size of title to the same size as ‘Content Creator’ title on the Content Creator page.

Increase the text box size and font in the first section ‘We’ll probe XXX using your Project Set-up data’.

Change the colour of the sectors in the first text box to gold as shown in the ‘category selector’ on the Marketing Intelligence page.

Change the text colour of ‘Refine what we probe’ to navy blue and make the font bigger.

In the ‘Saved audits’ box, make each of the audits ‘pop’ and change the number boxes to the pink outline with navy blue number.

Website Visibility Audit
Increase size of the title to the same size as ‘Content Creator’ title on the Content Creator page.

Comms Planner
Change the icon next to the title to match the one in the project toolbar.

Remove the word ‘View’ from the first text box.

Increase the font size of ‘Projected Total Score’, ‘Visibility’ and ‘Authority’ in the three boxes.

In the ‘Score breakdown by content type’ box, make each individual box ‘pop’ and change each of the content boxes to gold as shown in the ‘category selector’ on the Marketing Intelligence page.

Above the Content Marketing Planner, the 5 boxes with Status Key need to be changed. Change font colour of Status Key to white. Other keys need to have different background and text colours, and increase in size.
Make the column borders more obvious on the Content Marketing Calendar, change to navy blue. Increase font size of ‘Content Marketing Calendar’. Increase font size of ‘Click any row to open in the Content Optimiser’.

Content Creator
Change the icon next to the title to match the one in the project toolbar.

Align the text boxes for ‘Project name’ and ‘Content type’.

Increase the font size of text and darken the font colour of the description sentences (currently in light grey).

Add an icon to the ‘Create a first draft with AI’ text box as shown on the ChatGPT mock up image.

Under ‘Select Media Targets’, when selected change this to gold as shown in the ‘category selector’ on the Marketing Intelligence page.

Remove ‘Content Actions’ box at the bottom of the page, and just have the buttons freestanding at the bottom of the page.
Can you make them the same design as the buttons at the bottom of the Project Set-Up page.
The buttons need to be uniform in size and ‘pop’ when the mouse hovers over them. 
Change the colour of ‘Create Draft’ to pink.
Change ‘Download’ and ‘Download Notes’ and ‘Share Draft’ to navy blue outline.
Change the colour of Archive to pink text with pink outline.
Change the colour of ‘Media research’ to the green used in the project toolbar. 
Change the colour of ‘Push to Comms Planner’ to gold used in the project toolbar.

Content Optimiser
Change the icon next to the title to match the one in the project toolbar.

Align the text boxes for ‘Project name’ and ‘Content type’.

Increase the font size of text and darken the font colour of the description sentences (currently in light grey).

Under ‘Select Media Targets’, when selected change this to gold as shown in the ‘category selector’ on the Marketing Intelligence page.

Can you make them the same design as the buttons at the bottom of the Project Set-Up page.
The buttons need to be uniform in size and ‘pop’ when the mouse hovers over them. 

Change the colour of ‘Optimise’ to pink.
Change ‘Download’ and ‘Download Optimised Notes’ and ‘Share Draft’ to navy blue outline. 
Change the colour of Archive to pink text with pink outline.
Change the colour of ‘Media research’ to the green used in the project toolbar. 
Change the colour of ‘Push to Comms Planner’ to gold used in the project toolbar.

Media Database
Change the colour of ‘Outlets’ and ‘Contacts’ to gold as shown in the ‘category selector’ on the Marketing Intelligence page.

Change the font colour of ‘Search outlets’ and ‘All categories’ to white.

Marketing Intelligence
Increase the font size of text and darken the font colour of the description sentences (currently in light grey).

Make the ‘Trade Conferences’, ‘Conference Sponsorships’ etc buttons ‘pop’.

Measure & Report
Change the main heading to ‘Measure & Report’ to match the project toolbar, and increase size to the same size as ‘Content Creator’ title on the Content Creator page.

Underneath have ‘Authority & Activity Report’ text next to client name followed by ‘Generated…(date)’.

Change ‘Print’ and ‘Share’ buttons in top right corner of page to navy blue with white writing and make these buttons and ‘Export PDF’ ‘pop’ when you hover mouse over them.

Change the font colour to white for ‘This is your shareable scorecard…’ text.

Executive Summary
Change colour of Authority Score box to pink with ‘Earned’, ‘Website’ and ‘30 Day Trend’ in pale pink background used for ‘As AI to complete this’ button in ‘Project Set-Up’. Make these three buttons ‘pop’ when the mouse hovers over them.

Change the background colour of the ‘Date Range’ box to navy blue and then change the font colour of ‘Date Range - From’ and ‘Date Range - To’ to white. Keep the background colour of where you input the date boxes and ‘Reset to project start’ boxes white.

For the five boxes showing ‘Total Authority Trend’ ‘Earned Media Trend’ etc give these a pink outline and make them ‘pop’ when the mouse hovers over them like the boxes on the Authority Dashboard page.

For the grey text descriptions under ‘Website Content and Technical GEO Summary’ and ‘Score Breakdown by Category’, make this a darker grey and slightly increase text size.

PR & Marketing
Change the background colour of the ‘Date Range’’ box to navy blue and then change the font colour of ‘Date Range - From’ and ‘Date Range - To’ to white. Keep the background colour of where you input the date boxes white.

For the four boxes showing ‘Earned Media Authority Score’, ‘Earned Media Authority Trend’ etc give these a pink outline with a white background and make them ‘pop’ when the mouse hovers over them like the boxes on the Authority Dashboard page.

In the ‘Press Release Performance’ box, give the three boxes within it a pink outline and make them ‘pop’ when the mouse hovers over them like the boxes on the Authority Dashboard page.

In the ‘Social Impact’ box, give the four boxes  within it a pink outline and make them ‘pop’ when the mouse hovers over them like the boxes on the Authority Dashboard page.

In the ‘Social Impact’ box, change the ‘Company LinkedIn’ button to navy blue with white writing. (NOTE: this is showing the wrong spokespeople when you click on it).

Earned Media Tracker
Check with Spencer, the ‘Earned Media Tracker spreadsheet’ is showing non-relevant content. Looks like it’s Bluhalo content under SMG.

For the ‘Earned Media Tracker spreadsheet’ need to think how we can present the content better. Changes TBC.

Website GEO & Technical
Check with Spencer the ‘Open Website Technical GEO’ button at the bottom of the page.


