AIO Fusion – test project set-up for Simpatico PR and SMG
Feedback on SET-UP &amp; AI AUDIT section of the platform

 PROJECT SET-UP front page
Overall:
Instruction: Users need to be able to download and circulate to team members a guide to how to
complete the Project Set-Up. And they need to be able to download the questions in each section so
that they can circulate these to stakeholders to help research the answers. Suggest the best option is
to insert a button “Download Section # Questions” at the top of each section.
Rather than copying and pasting the question for each section using the two square logo at the end
of each question, it would be more useful if there was a function to have a formatted question ready
to input into a LLM to find out the answer to each question. Even better, if the client website that
has been inputted into ‘Let AI draft from your website (Beta)’ section is inserted into the formatted
question so that is simply a cut and paste job straight into a LLM.
Need to review in which sections the ‘Optimise content button’ is included.
Need to add instructions at some points about using agreed / established FAQs and company
messaging in the PR Set-Up section 1-3.
General point – on completing a section – it would be good to return the user to the top of the site
page / section. As you complete or switch page – it tends to present the bottom of the page.
Although we are both signed into the same login, we can’t see each other’s projects (Simpatico PR
and SMG) – do we need to define shared projects, or one login sees all projects?
Let AI draft from your website (Beta)
‘Add your company website and use the &quot;Ask AI to complete this&quot; button under a question to draft
an answer quicker. This is an early test, so it is switched on for the first two questions (1.1 and 1.2)
only. Please always review and check what it writes.’
How does this work and why use website for guidance?
Set-Up Progress
Note - Set-up progress seemed to track progress through each section i.e. PR Set Up 1,2,3 etc giving
progress for each rather than total progress – need to check how this is functioning.
Save For Later
Instruction: The ‘Save for later’ button also needs to be on the action button bar at the bottom of
each section to make it more clear that you can save progress as you go.

 PR SET-UP
1.1 100-word company descriptor
Instruction: Boiler plate needs to be 250 words: change to 250-word company descriptor.
1.2 Primary Message and 1.3 Additional Messages

Instruction: 6 words for the primary message is quite restrictive. Could we increase to 10 words?
Also for Additional Messages, should we limit to no more than 10 to ensure they are the key
messages?
Instruction: Can we add optimise message buttons to 1.2 and 1.3?
1.4 Online Evidence
The description for this isn’t very clear. What is meant by ‘online evidence’? Perhaps rephrase the
description to: Cut and paste links to web pages evidencing company statistics, case studies, awards,
certificates, third-party validation.
Instruction: remove ‘Optimise this copy’ button.
1.5 What to avoid
This is a very broad question. I would suggest how you seek the answer to this question is to suggest
adding in the following sentence to input into your preferred LLM: What messages, terminology,
clients, key competitors, industry issues, links to media articles, research, data or other information
would *insert client website* want to avoid?
1.6 Preferred terms, phrases and category descriptors
There is some crossover here with the primary messages. Is it okay to repeat some of these phrases
again here?
Also there is the option to ‘optimise this copy’ but again this didn’t really work as these are all one
liners so not content that needs optimising.
1.7 Topics and themes for spokespeople and contributed content
Do we need a ‘optimise this copy’ button.
1.8 Spokespeople
Enlarge the text boxes, for example Name as too small to see full name.
For ‘expertise’ – can we have an add area button like add message button function in 1.3
1.10 Media categories where your customers are found
This will more than likely mean selecting the same media categories as 1.9 Media categories your
business operates in. Is there a way of the industries selected in 1.9 being automatically added to
1.10? Then it’s a case of adding in additional or just deleting the ones that aren’t applicable rather
than searching from scratch again? It would make things quicker, especially when it comes to adding
your own sector.
2.1 Top 10-15 questions customers ask before buying or signing up
In the absence of a sales team to glean this information from, I would suggest including a prompt to
put into a LLM, for example What are the top 10 questions customers of *insert client website here*
ask before signing up and what is the ideal answer to these questions?
Do we need ‘optimise this copy’ button?
2.2 Questions customers ask after they become clients

I don’t think this question is very clear and risks a repeat of the questions used in 2.1 I would suggest
changing to What questions do customers ask in relation to the support, operations and technical
side of the business? Or similar. Again, I would also suggest this as a prompt for a LLM in the absence
of access to a sales team to answer this question.
2.6 Each core product or service
This would benefit from a different layout where each product or service is in its own text box with a
separate ‘primary audience’ text box to fill in for each. This would then make copying and pasting
the question for 2.7 in a LLM easier.
For example:
Core product or service
And
One-sentence description
And
Primary audience (we need some guidance here – is it job titles / sectors?)
– can we also have an add area button like add message button function in 1.3 so that three new
blank areas pop up for each new core product or service. Add Service button.
2.7 Search phrases and questions for each product or service area
As above, a better format would be a separate text box for each product/service to fill in.
3.1 Ideal client persona (job role)
This question is very unclear as to what it is referring to. This would be better re-phrased as Who is
the ideal target client/customer? OR List the different job titles and a brief description of their
functions.
It may also make sense to have a primary customer text box and secondary customer text box. And
then the option to add additional customer text boxes.
Can we also have an add area button like add message button function in 1.3 so that a job title and
description pops up for each new persona. Add persona button.
To make this a prompt for a LLM, include the detail underneath the main question.
3.2 Ideal client profile (company) – size and type of business you serve
Again rephrase this question to What is the ideal target client profile? Also have separate client
profile text boxes with the option to add in additional client text boxes.
Instruction: Add and change copy: “Add multiple ICPs”.
Example one: small to mid-sized marketing and creative agencies, 10 to 150 staff, under 20m
revenue - not the large global consultancies.
Example two: medium to enterprise-level financial services companies specialising in retail banking
services, with 5,000 plus staff and revenue of more than 50m.

Example three: SMEs in multiple sectors seeking to transform and enhance their CRM and retention
operations, with 100-5,000 staff and revenues between 5-100m.
To make this a prompt for a LLM, include the detail underneath the main question.
3.4 What phrases/language does each audience use when searching for your solutions?
This question isn’t very clear as it says ‘each audience’ but this doesn’t relate to previous questions.
So would suggest not using the term ‘audience’ and replace with clients or customers: What
phrases/language do clients/customers use when searching for your solutions?
Also, is this repeating similar input?
3.5 What are the most common pain points, frustrations, or unmet needs your audience has
before finding you? What challenges do you solve – add as much detail as possible.
Again would change the word ‘audience’ to ‘potential clients / customers’. Again I think there needs
to be separate text boxes for each problem and then a separate section for the challenges solved.
3.6 What outcome does your audience most want to achieve by using your product or service?
Please provide examples and links to case studies or evidence.
This should be re-worded to: What outcome do clients / customers most want to achieve by working
with you? Please provide examples and links to case studies or evidence.
Would also be useful to have an ‘upload document’ button here to upload case studies in PDF or
other formats when case studies are confidential and therefore cannot be found online.
Again would be useful to have separate text boxes for each example/case study.

 AIO SET UP
4.3 In one sentence, what does the business do and for whom?
Instruction: Change copy to: Create or adapt a short, one sentence LLM-readable boilerplate for your
business or brand.
For example: &quot;We help [audience] do [outcome] by [method].&quot;
This becomes your AI-readable boilerplate.
4.4 Sector or Industry
Instruction: Add to copy - Define your sector or industry. Add the main industry or sector your
business operates in. Include sub-sectors if relevant (but do not add a full SEO term list). This shapes
schema markup and entity classification.
4.7 Key trust signals
There needs to be an ‘upload document’ button here to upload accreditations and certifications if
these are in PDF format.
This question also asks for ‘media coverage’ which is very vague, can we add in here a time period?
For example, SMG have 350+ pieces of coverage we could potentially add links to here. What needs
to be added?

5.1 How do most customers first find and decide on you?
Instruction: Include options: Direct marketing, Direct email prospecting.
5.5 Has your brand been mentioned in AI-generated answers?
For this question, it’s very likely that to find it out, the person will put this into a LLM. So would
suggest including a specific prompt here to be used: Does *insert client name* get mentioned in AI-
generated answers?
5.6 Top customer questions before buying (up to 10)
This is similar to question 2.1 Top 10-15 questions customers ask before buying or signing up, but
interestingly when both questions are put into a LLM, it doesn’t come back with the same response.
Is this an issue if these questions differ and do we need to ensure they do align?
5.7 Industry questions or topics where you have unique expertise or data
As with the last question, this is very similar to question 2.4 Industry or category questions your
business is uniquely qualified to answer.
Again, the LLM hasn’t come back with the same response.
Instruction: Change copy to: List industry trends, issues or topics where you have unique or specialists
expertise or data.
6.5 - 6.6 – 6.7
Q. do we need more guidance here – how do we find this out?
6.6 Areas of the website you would not want AI crawlers to access
I’m not sure anyone without an IT background would know the answer to this question so we may
need to explain how someone would find out this information.
With question 6.5 AI crawler access via robots.text I think pretty much every answer will be ‘No, we
have not checked’ so again may need to explain how to find out the answer to this question.
7.1 Is your business name, address and phone (NAP) consistent across all channels?
Should only be able to pick one - Is it possible to check this?
7.2 Has the business changed name, address, products or core description in the last 3 years?
This needs to have a LLM prompt: Has *insert client name* changed its business name, address,
products or core description in the last 3 years?
7.4 Outdated press releases, articles or web pages that describe your business inaccurately
This is a very broad question as of course businesses evolve. Even when putting this question into a
LLM, it doesn’t come up with links to the pages, just talks about messaging changes. I understand
why we need this, but it could be interpreted incorrectly. It may make sense just to focus on the
client’s own website or have it as a LLM prompt?

 EARNED MEDIA VISIBILITY AUDIT
Overall:
Not sure that this aspect of the platform is functioning properly, or that it is pulling the correct data
from the Project Set-Up for this to deliver the results we need it to. Both Simpatico and SMG scored
11% on the overall score and separately for ChatGPT and Claude so error here.
Is it possible to have a specific LLM prompt to create the report? Also need to improve the layout of
the results into a more user-friendly format.
The ‘Who AI recommends instead of you’ pulled out incorrect results when testing with both
Simpatico PR and SMG. It also produces different answers each time you create the report.
The ‘Detailed Probe Results’ only works for the first two questions and then comes up with ‘Not
Found’ for the rest.
Natalie: Having carried out the audit, SMG only scored 11% visibility score with both ChatGPT and
Claude.
I believe looking at the results, that the information inputted for the ‘ideal customer profile’ which
came from ChatGPT is the issue. This is section 3.2 Ideal client profile (company) – size and type of
business you serve.
I then went back into this section and revised it so it was more concise with three company profiles,
examples for each, number of employees and revenue range. Again, it is this section that lets SMG
down in the audit.
Need to understand what section 3.2 needs to say to be picked up by a LLM.
Patrick: Can’t see logo on report – branding needs adjusting.

 WEBSITE VISIBILITY AUDIT
Note – it does not save the client website address in the ‘Homepage URL’ box so have to input each
time this is run.
Natalie: Here SMG scored 46/100 overall. This section works well as it tells you what needs
improving and how to do it. There is a lot of technical language used though like ‘JSON-LD’ which a
regular PR person would not understand.
Also in the priority actions, although some things are do-able, some may not be without the help of
an IT specialist, for example adding ‘alt text to all 21 missing images’ and ‘add JSON-LD structured
data for Organization, Article, and FAQ schema’.
Patrick: Instruction – when you save a pdf of the report it is title AIO Fusion Demo – can this be titled
“Project Name AIO Fusion Website Audit”
When you save as a PDF – only part of the report is saved.
Can’t see logo on report – branding needs adjusting.