Objective

The ultimate objective is to skew the business towards becoming technology service provider with PR being additional service rather than the other way around.

Our aim is to be first to market with 1) An automated platform to achieve AI visibility for earned and owned media and 2) an external-facing agentic media relations model i.e. a comprehensive end-to-end product targeted at PR agencies and in-house marketing communications teams.

 

In Phase 1) we are repositioning Simpatico as hybrid consultancy and tech platform and in parallel we are setting AIO Fusion up as a separate entity that can be sold as part of our managed service i.e. a reason to buy Simpatico.

This means the platform has to work and be saleable from V1.

AIO Fusion will be launched as a brand immediately as part if the new Simpatico Website relaunch.

 

In Phase 2) we will begin to sell AIO Fusion as a separate SaaS product and expand its capability to include full agentic media relations management.

 

Phase one (Hybrid) will see us market AIO Fusion as part of the Simpatico service.

During this period we will continue to enhance V1 including a single internal AI agent (learning phase).

We will secure funding – loan/Grant/Seed – for further platform development to V2.

 

In Phase Two

We will continue with the hybrid Simpatico model but begin to sell AIO Fusion separately as a SaaS product.

We will begin developing the multi-agent agentic media relations and programme management layer.

We will expand service integrations both platform and API.

We will recruit a development team. (NB continued guidance and leadership from Bluhalo)

We will expand the management and PR service team.

 

Target customers

Reasons to buy must be clear – what does it do that they can’t do easily now:

 

Priority Target Audience: We are selling to in-house PR and marketing teams:

 

Message – Empowers in-house teams to create AI optimised PR and marketing content at scale and enhance business visibility amongst AI agents.

Reasons to buy:

In enables them to evolve from SEO-focussed marketing to AI visibility.
It empowers in-house marketing managers to create a PR programme, scale it and optimise all their marketing output to achieve AI visibility without buying full agency service or recruiting for those skills internally.
It is a cost-effective always on platform enabling coherent planning and measurable outcomes from PR and marketing investment.
 

Secondary Target Audience: We are selling to PR agencies

 

Message – Add a scalable AI Optimisation layer to your service for tailored for every client and automate press office and content management.

Reasons to buy:

It immediately enables agencies to integrate an automated, easy to use AI optimisation service layer.
It up-dates their service for AI visibility and authority fast.
It provides the infrastructure hub to reconfigure their business around AI-delivery, automating a range of functions from research to media relations, ultimately reducing headcount and other costs.
Sector audience:

We will be targeting all sectors of business with in-house marketing teams – so Small, Media and Large Enterprises.

We will target small to medium-sized PR agencies and possibly freelance consultants

Positioning language needs to adjust to audience – non-tech PR and marketing managers / CEOs / CMOs / Marketing managers / Agency directors.

 

Q. Should / could we sell Simpatico PR services via AIO Fusion – not sure we should.

e.g.

 

For In-house

Add expert PR content and media relations consultancy to your AIO Fusion platform. Get in touch to find out more.

For Agencies

Build or augment your senior ideation and media relations expertise when you need it with our flexible white-label consultancy support.

 