DESIGN AND UX – AIO FUSION PLATFORM
 
Colours
Main background colour: change to blue (currently used for the AIO Fusion logo).
Secondary colour: change to white.
Main text colour: change to pale grey/white on the blue background and keep the current blue on the white background.
Secondary text colour: pink (as now).
Other text colours: gold (same as ‘Content Management’ on Dashboard toolbar). Keep the red and green where they are currently used.
 
Font and logo size
Overall the font needs to be much bigger throughout most of the platform to make it easier to read. Particularly the type in capital letters.

The AIO Fusion logo in the top left-hand corner needs to be bigger as it is very difficult to read ‘The AI Authority Platform text’.
 
Platform Home Page
The text: ‘Sign in to manage…’ should all be on one line (currently only on half the page across two lines).
 
Where it shows your login ‘Signed in as..’, this whole box needs to stand out a lot more.

Include ‘hover effect’ over ‘Continue to Project Hub’, ‘Manage Accounts’ and ‘Sign Out’ buttons so they become more highlighted when you put your mouse over them. 

The ‘Sign Out’ button needs to stand out a lot more, add colour, e.g. blue with white writing.
 
Change the colour of The AIO Marketing Loop box as the background colour will now be blue.
 
The four link boxes under ‘How AIO Fusion Works’ should be four different colours, not three.
 
Master Project Hub
At the very top of the page, ‘<- Platform home’ needs to be much more prominent and bigger. Also need to change SP and ‘Admin Intelligence Tier’.
 
The text boxes for Past Work - Archived Projects should be more obvious, not just a white box, so it’s different to the ‘Guidance’ box.
 
The Project boxes are very uninspiring, need to be more colourful, bigger company logo, bigger text. Do we need the Authority Score etc to show on the front? If we do, it needs to be presented better. All the grey text is too faint to read.
 
Toolbar
The left-hand toolbar needs to be more prominent and dynamic to include ‘hover effect’ over each action. Is it possible for the user to make it wider with a pull-out function? This will be one of the most used areas of the platform so it needs to really stand out and be easy to read and use.
 
The section headings font and descriptions are too small to read clearly. The different sections need to be different colours and more dynamic.
The grey font for the subheadings is too small and the colour is too light.
 
The AIO Fusion logo at the top is too small so you can’t read ‘The AI Authority Platform’ type underneath it. And the client logo is too small as are the words ‘Switch project’ underneath.
 
Authority Dashboard
For the AI authority performance, let’s not use red on the % graphs as this gives negative connotations. Again the type is too small and the grey text is too pale. The boxes need to have a ‘hover effect’ when you place your mouse over them.
 
The Activity Pipeline box, the type is too small and the grey text is too pale. Same for the text boxes underneath this, the sub-headings are too small and the grey text is too pale on the white background.
 
Project Set-Up
The placement of the left hand column with ‘Sections’ and ‘Project Data Actions’ means there is a lot of wasted space for inputting the vast amount of data in the right hand column. This needs to be moved somewhere else, maybe above?
 
Then where you enter all the data you can use a lot more of the available space on the page, hopefully meaning it won’t be so long and lengthy.
 
Earned Media Visibility and Website Visibility Audits
Both of these pages are very dull and need improving. The grey text on the current background isn’t easy to read (but the background colour will change to blue).
 
On the Website Visibility page, again lots of wasted space within the ‘Enter your homepage URL…’ text box and grey type is too pale and too small.
 
Comms Planner
Text in the ‘Score Breakdown by Content Type’ text box is too small for all the individual options and needs some colour.
 
For the Content Marketing Planner, under Calendar View this needs to visually be more exciting. Clearer distinction between the columns and also the dates (maybe use alternate colours for the dates shown under ‘Week of’ to better show the distinction. The ‘+ Add project’ text is too small and too pale. Maybe change to only show 8 weeks at a time to allow for bigger font for each line of activity?
 
Under ‘List View’ again reduce the number of weeks to 8 and make the font bigger and the ‘+ add to w/c…’ much clearer to see.
 
Content Creator
All the text needs to be made bigger and the grey text needs to be darker as it is very difficult to read. Also increase the size of ‘Optimise this copy’.
 
For the bottom toolbar, this needs to be much more prominent with all the ‘Content Actions’ buttons a different colour and more visible, and include ‘hover effect’ when you run your cursor over it. The ‘Push to Comms Planner’ button also needs to be more visible.
 
Content Optimiser
Same as Content Creator (as above). The ‘Retrieve content draft’ at the top of the page needs to be more obvious and have a colour to stand out.
 
Archive
Font for the ‘Project Message’ section needs to be bigger and darker in colour.
The ‘Loading your content’ section needs to be visually better.
 
Media Research and Media Database
Difficult to comment on these two pages as they are not functional yet, but they need to be improved visually to match the other pages on the platform.
 
Marketing Intelligence
All the font needs to be made bigger.
 
Measure & Report
Again, the font needs to be bigger and any text boxes need to be more dynamic and stand out more. Also any grey font is too small and too faint to read.
 
The toolbar with the four functions ‘Executive Summary’, ‘PR and Marketing’ etc needs to be much more prominent and have the ‘hover effect’ otherwise it’s not obvious that these take you to different pages.
 
